[stdlib_math] Add arange function. (#480)
fortran-lang/stdlib: doc/specs/stdlib_math.md

end program demo_logspace_rstart_cbase
```
## `seq` - Creates an vector of `integer/real` type with evenly spaced values within a given interval.

### Status

Experimental

### Class

Pure function.

### Description

Creates an vector of `integer/real` type with evenly spaced values within a given interval.

### Syntax

`result = [[stdlib_math(module):seq(interface)]](start [, end, by])`

### Arguments

`start`: Shall be an `integer/real` scalar.
This is an `intent(in)` argument.

`end`: Shall be an `integer/real` scalar.
This is an `intent(in)` and `optional` argument.

`by`: Shall be an `integer/real` scalar and large than `0`.
This is an `intent(in)` and `optional` argument.  

Warning:  
If `by = 0`, the `by` argument will be corrected to `1/1.0` by the internal process of the `seq` function.   

> If `by < 0`, the `by` argument will be corrected to `abs(by)` by the internal process of the `seq` function. 

Author: `by <= 0` condition. Is this way ok?

end program demo_logspace_rstart_cbase
```
## `arange`

### Status

Experimental

### Class

Pure function.

### Description

> Create a vector of the `integer/real` type with given fixed spaced values within a given interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates an array of the `integer/real` type with fixed-spaced values of given spacing, within a given interval.
```

Author: In fact, what `arange` returns is a one-dimensional `vector`, the word `array` may be ambiguous?

Reviewer: To me it's the other way around--I think of vector as a mathematical concept and array as a programming one. I think array is also a more Fortrannic word. But it's not a big deal, just a suggestion, pick your favorite, either works well 👍

Author: I think it can be taken as `one-dimensional array`

#### Note

> Because of the `i` (`huge(integer :: i) = 2147483647`) index inside the `arange` function , the dimensional maximum length of array created by the `arange` function is `2147483647`. 

Reviewer: Is there a use case to create larger arrays? I can't think of one, but if there is, we could use `int64` to allow larger arrays.

Author: I think the length of `2147483647` as an array dimension is very sufficient. `int64` seems unnecessary, but I may subconsciously explain this in the document. Does it need to be removed?

Reviewer: Okay, great, I was just wondering. I think it's okay that it stays int32. Also, the note is helpful IMO.

### Syntax

> `result = [[stdlib_math(module):arange(interface)]](start [, end, by])`

Reviewer: `by` for the third argument sounds odd to me. I'm trying to think who to say this in words: Arange from start to end by...? It doesn't sound right. 

Why not call this `increment`, or just `incr` if `increment` is too long? Or `step`, like in numpy.arange?

Author: OK, `step`.😏

### Arguments

All arguments should be the same type and kind.

`start`: Shall be an `integer/real` scalar.
This is an `intent(in)` argument.  
The default `start` value is `1`.

`end`: Shall be an `integer/real` scalar.
This is an `intent(in)` and `optional` argument.  
The default `end` value is the inputted `start` value.

`by`: Shall be an `integer/real` scalar and large than `0`. 
This is an `intent(in)` and `optional` argument.   
The default `by` value is `1`.

#### Warning
If `by = 0`, the `by` argument will be corrected to `1/1.0` by the internal process of the `arange` function.   
If `by < 0`, the `by` argument will be corrected to `abs(by)` by the internal process of the `arange` function. 

### Return value

> Return a vector of fixed spaced spaced values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an array of fixed-space values.
```
